So how can we use this
custom JavaScript action?
Well, we again use it in our Workflow file of course
because that's where we use all actions.
And here I want to use it in this deploy site step here.
In this deploy site step of the deploy job
I did download my built files, my artifacts
which were built in the previous job in the build job here.
I did download them and store them
in a folder called dist, like this.
And now I wanna replace this step here
where I just output a dummy message right now
with a step where I use my custom action.
For that I again, point to that action folder
just as we did it before for other custom actions as well.
Here, my action is called Deploy s3 Javascript.
I will by the way remove that action
from the information step.
I will actually remove the entire information job
because I don't need it anymore.
So that's how I point at this action.
And then we must add with to provide some input values.
Because keep in mind at least the values
for bucket and dist folder must be provided
because required is set to true.
So therefore, here I'll add the bucket input.
And there you wanna provide your bucket name
so this name here in my case.
Then I also must provide a value for the dist folder,
and here that should be dot slash dist
pointing at dist folder,
which contains the downloaded build files.
So that the files from this folder will be uploaded.
And you could also provide a value for bucket region
if your bucket was created in a different region
than US east one
then you could, for example, add US east 2
But here, this is not needed.
Hence I'll comment it out.
This will run our custom action,
but at the moment this won't succeed.
But why won't it succeed?
At the moment, our custom JavaScript action would fail
because in that actions code,
we're trying to run this command here
where we use the aws cli.
Now this command tries to upload local files to s3 bucket.
It should make sense that not everyone is allowed to do that
out of the box though.
Otherwise, everyone could start targeting your bucket
and upload random files to it
or download or delete files with other commands.
This is clearly not something you want
and therefore by default
this will fail because you don't have permission
to interact with that bucket.
Now, how do you get the permission to do so though?
Well, for this, aws offers a feature
which you can reach by clicking on your account name
in the top right corner,
and then security credentials.
Here you can generate and download some keys
that can be used for authenticating commands
that you're sending to this AWS account.
These access keys here to be precise.
Here you must create a new access key
and these values will only be shown once.
You can download them though.
And these two values,
the access key ID and the secret access key
can be used to authenticate this command.
There also is a different way of authenticating commands
to which I'll come back to in the next course section
but this is one quick and easy way of doing so.
So therefore I'll grab this access key.
And now the question is how do I provide it to that command?
Well, you do that with help of environment variables.
The aws cli will look for certain environment variables
with certain names and extract values from them.
And one environment variable it will look for
is the AWS access key ID environment variable
written like that.
So if you set that variable
to that access key, which you see here
then AWS will use that for authenticating requests.
But you can't set the environment variable like this.
And we wouldn't want to do this
in this JavaScript code anyways
because again that wouldn't make that code very reusable.
Instead, we wanna set this in our Workflow
and we can set the environment variables needed
by that action right in that step
with help of the env keyword here.
Before in the course we already used env on job level
or even Workflow level
and we could do the same here.
But these environment variables are really only needed
by this action in this step.
Therefore, I'll add step specific environment variables
which are only accessible by this step
or by the action performed by this step
by adding the env key to this step.
And then nested below the env key,
we can add this special AWS
underscore access underscore key underscore ID
environment variable and set it to this key here
and do the same for this secret access key
where I add my AWS secret access key environment variable
written like this.
Now of course, these are values
that shouldn't be added like this in code
because everyone who sees them
will be able to send commands to this account
and do malicious things with it potentially.
And therefore, by the way,
I will also delete these access keys
after recording this video.
So you don't have to try using them,
but you can of course
but it won't work.
But we shouldn't expose them.
Nobody should be able to see these values.
And of course, we learned how we can make sure
that nobody sees these values.
We can use a secret.
For that I'll go back here to this Repository
and we can add secrets by adding an environment.
If this would be a public Repository
or we had a paid plan
or we add Repository wide secrets, which I will do here.
I'll add a new secret here, which holds my access key.
And I'll name it AWS access key id
and add the secret
and do the same here with the secret access key,
add a new Repository secret
with a name of AWS secret access key.
And now these values are stored securely.
And here we can extract them
by using secrets.aws access key.
And here it's secrets.aws secret access key.
With that, we're setting these environment variables.
And as mentioned before, this aws cli command
will automatically look for these variables
with these names to authenticate this request.
And therefore, now with that
finally we can create a new commit
added custom deploy action
and see whether this all works
by pushing this to the Repository.
Here a new Workflow run is triggered
and this should now hopefully succeed.
And in the deploy job upload these files
to this s3 Repository.
For that we can go back to s3
and then also dive into this bucket here.
And eventually the website files should be uploaded there.
But right now, this is still all executing.
So let's wait until this Workflow finished
and here it did all finish.
And if we take a look at this deploy job,
we see that under Deploy site,
our own action was executed here.
It did use these environment variables
and our extra inputs
and it then synchronized the local files to this s3 bucket
which we can also see if we refresh these objects here.
Here they are.
And now we can view this website if we want to
by clicking on properties on this bucket.
And down here we find this url,
which is auto generated by aws,
which allows us to view this deployed website
which is now really out there in the internet.